# README

## process_outputs.py
It will process two output files generated by our pipeline and create a new dataframe which will be used to create plots. Inputs are _results_ and _output2_, output is _df_plot_. It will remove SNPs that are in _output2_ but not in _results_.

## visualise_heatmap.py
It will generate __heatmaps__ to visualise genes associated with one cluster in tissues. Inputs are _results_ and _df_plot_.

## visualise_manhattanplot_3panel.py
It will generate gene-tissue specific __3-panel Manhattan plots__. Inputs are _results_ and _df_plot_.

## correlation_n_SNPs-CLPPs.py
It will make a plot and fit a trend line, showing __the correlation between the size of clusters and the maximum cluster CLPPs__. Input is _output2_,

## count_SNPs.py
It will count __the number of GWAS SNPs and LD SNPs__ in clusters. Input is the pickle files of clusters created by our pipeline.

## visualise_histogram.py
It will make __histograms__ to show the runtime, CPU time and maximum RAM usage of cluster jobs separately. Input is the _clusum_ file generated when all the cluster jobs are finished.

## print_runtime.py
It will quickly count the __runtime__ of finished cluster jobs or print the status of unfinished jobs. Inputs are the stdout files of cluster jobs.

## summarise_clusterjobs_info.py
It will collect the __runtime__, __CPU time__, __maximum memory__ and __average memory__ of cluster jobs from stdout file. Inputs are the stdout files of cluster jobs. Optional to know whether a cluster has performed finemapping successfully and how many genes associated with a cluster.
